#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass report
\begin_preamble
\include{preamble}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language australian
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 40mm
\topmargin 25mm
\rightmargin 25mm
\bottommargin 25mm
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Abstract
Speech enhancement is an important field in modern electronics, finding
 many applications from hearing aids to enhancing audio/visual recordings
 and automated speech recognisers in commercial products.
 These can range from mobile phones to modern televisions and automobile
 electronics.
 A variety of techniques are available to measure speech enhancement.
 These fall into three categories: (1) those for measuring speech enhancement
 for a human recogniser; (2) those for measuring speech enhancement for
 a machine recogniser; and (3) those measuring speech enhancement using
 purely statistical methods.
 However, when an enhancement algorithm is proposed it is often measured
 by techniques from only one of those categories.
 Due to there being fundamental differences from a human listener to a machine
 listener, it is hypothesised that the use of a variety of enhancement measures
 is necessary to properly measure the performance of an enhancement algorithm.
 Results indicated that the hypothesis was true, and that it is possible
 for a speech enhancement method that performs well for a machine recogniser
 to perform poorly for a human recogniser, and vice-versa.
 Therefore, it is important to encapsulate a variety of measures in testing.
 The recommended tests include PESQ, ASR performance, statistical measures
 such as segmental SNR and where possible, MOS.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Investigations were also performed into the effects of varying the number
 of sentences used for training.
 It was found that there was no correlation, and that varying training did
 not effect the average results, however it did effect the variance and
 therefore reliability of results, if undertrained.
 Adequate training was found to be 10 to 20 utterances.
 Additionally, it was found that training using utterances was suboptimal.
 This showed promise for the third research area, which investigated an
 alternative training to utterances.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
The proposed algorithm training modification was a phoneme-dependent modificatio
n to existing non-negative matrix factorisation algorithms.
 This algorithm was found to provide better accuracy for machine recognisers,
 especially so under in-car noise conditions.
 The changes did not improve human intelligibility on average, but did perform
 more consistently, being less likely to distort speech.
 The system showed capability of performing well for in-car electronics,
 such as for voice-controlled navigational electronics or car radios.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Word Count: 13047
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
