#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass report
\begin_preamble
\include{preamble}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language australian
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 40mm
\topmargin 25mm
\rightmargin 25mm
\bottommargin 25mm
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Acknowledgements}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Much gratitude goes to my thesis supervisor, Dr.
 Owen Kenny.
 Owen has been beyond helpful all year, and impromptu meetings often took
 upwards of an hour.
 Thank you for the much-needed enlightening conversation needed to wrap
 my head around some previously foreign concepts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thank you to Bryan Quill also, for providing me with his Python script to
 form a basis on which to implement the HTK ASR system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A big thank you also goes to my family, Mum, Dad, Alex, not Rhys, Grandma
 and Grandad, not only for supporting me through the year, but also being
 subject to what was frankly half an hour of life that can never be earned
 back in participating in my tests.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thanks goes to my second family, Narelle and Peter, for providing meals
 to keep my sustenance up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And finally, thank you to Sam, for everything: from providing harsh, but
 much needed pep-talks, to proof reading over and over.
 This thesis wouldn't have been the HD it surely deserves without you.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
